<h2> :earth_asia: 2022 </h2>

<h3> Rating </h3>

- :star::star::star::star::star: : My face grins just by remembering.
- :star::star::star::star: : It was fun.
- :star::star::star: : Normal.
- :star::star: : I couldn't enjoy it.
- :star: : It was boring
- (no star) : No, I don't want to remember


<h3> January </h3>

<h4>:closed_book: 1/3, "The 4-hour Workweek" by Timothy Ferriss :star::star::star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;- Eye opening contents. 

<h3> February </h3>

<h4>:closed_book: 2/3, "In Cold Blood" by Truman Capote  :star::star::star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;- Great storytelling. Couldn't stop reading. 

<h4>:closed_book: 2/3, "The Complete Maus: A Survivor's Tale" by Art Spiegelman  :star::star::star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;- Perfect introduction to learn Holocaust.



<h3> March </h3>

<h4>:closed_book: 3/18, "Memories, Dreams, Reflections: An Autobiography" by Carl Jung:star::star::star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;- Fascinating story! He revealed all sorces of inspirations and his psychology studies.

<h4>:closed_book: 3/ 29 "The Analects " by Confucius :star::star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;- The classic book about values for better lives. 

<h4>:closed_book: 3/31 "The UNIX Philosophy" by Mike Gancarz :star::star::star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;- Short, but great insights!

<h3> April </h3>

<h4>:closed_book: 4/2 "Fractals: On The Edge Of Chaos" by Oliver Linton  :star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;- Easy to read.


<h4>:closed_book: 4/15 "Entretiens avec Marcel Duchamp" by Mike Gancarz :star::star::star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;- Very interesting stories. His plain thoughts on everyday life.


<h3> May </h3>

<h4>:closed_book: 5/5 "Rufus: The Bat Who Loved Colors" by Tomi Ungerer :star::star::star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;-Beautifully written and illustrated by the internationally acclaimed author.


<h4>:closed_book: 5/9 "The Renaissance of the 12th Century(Japanese Book)" by Ito Shuntaro :star::star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;-Fascinating facts on the Renaissance of the 12th Century.

<h4>:closed_book: 5/21 "Jyougen no Tsuki wo Taberu Shishi Vol.1 (Japanese)" by Baku Yumemakura :star::star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;-Got interested after page 100.

<h4>:closed_book: 5/21 "Jyougen no Tsuki wo Taberu Shishi Vol.2 (Japanese)" by Baku Yumemakura :star::star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;- Great books to know the introduction of Budhism through fantasy style.

<h3> June </h3>

<h4>:closed_book: 6/16 "Souzouryoku naki Nihon" by Takashi Murakami :star::star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;- I have learnt so many insights on how to be an artist for this book.




<h3> reading list</h3>

"Superintelligence" by Nick Bostrom 

"Chronicle of a Death Foretold" by  Gabriel Garc´ia M´arquez 

"The Masks of God" by Joseph Campbell

"Yokohama Station SF" by Yuba Isukari

"Jyougen no Tsuki wo Taberu Shishi(Japanese)" by Baku Yumemakura

"Paper Menagerie" by Ken Liu

"The Hitch-Hiker's Guide To The Galaxy Part Two: The Restaurant At The End Of The Universe" by Douglas Adams

"Pride and Prejudice"　by Jane Austen

"Thank You for Being Late: An Optimist's Guide to Thriving in the Age of Accelerations" by  Thomas L. Friedman 

"Mount Analogue" by Rene Daumal 
""
""


