<h2> :earth_asia: 2022 </h2>
<h3> January </h3>


<h3> February </h3>

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 2/4, "Shameless" season 1 - 5 :star::star::star::star::star: </h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Shocking and heartwarming at the same time.

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 2/7, "The Matrix Reloaded" :star::star::star::star: </h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Amazing.

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 2/9, "Brooklyn Nine-Nine" season 5 :star::star::star::star: </h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Still good.

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 2/10, "BONDiNG" season 1 :star::star::star: </h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- It reveals the interesting industory.

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 2/11, "The Matrix Revolutions" :star::star::star::star: </h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Stunning. Never fade away.

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 2/19, "Men in Black: International": :star::star::star: </h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Good.

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 2/20, "Space Force" season 2 :star::star::star: </h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Interesting.

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 2/23, "Mobile Suit Gundam Hathaway" :star::star::star::star::star:  </h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Astonishing graphics and detailed performance. 

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- This movie changed the standard of animation movies.

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 2/24, "Mobile Suit Gundam Narrative" :star:  </h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- The design of gundam phenex was beautiful.

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 2/25, "Mobile Suit Gundam Unicorn" ep 1 ~ 24 :star::star::star::star: </h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Great story telling.

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 2/28, "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close" :star::star::star: </h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Interesting.

<h3> March </h3>

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 3/6, "The Professor and the Madman" :star::star::star: </h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Very terrifying.

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 3/15, "Derry Girls" season 1 and 2 :star::star::star::star::star: </h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Great comedy!

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 3/18, "Tokyo Ghoul: Jack" (2015) :star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- The action was good.

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 3/19, "Sex Education" season 1 :star::star::star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Great show!

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 3/22, "Sex Education" season 2 :star::star::star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Supporting roles are really attractive!

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 3/24, "Sex Education" season 3 :star::star::star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Really enjoyed it!

<h3> April </h3>

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 4/1, "Extra Terrestrial Boys & Girls" :star::star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- The director who produced 　"COIL A CIRCLE OF CHILDREN" did it again! 

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 4/2, "Bad Boys" :star::star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- I really like how they distract people by arguing.

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 4/6, "Bad Boys II" :star::star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Especially, I love the scene that Marcus met Reggie for the first time when Reggie came to his house to take his daughter out. 

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 4/9, "TIGER & BUNNY2" :star::star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Great voice actors and actresses. 

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 4/14, "Adam and Adam" :star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- OK.  

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 4/14, "TIGER & BUNNY" :star::star::star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Really enjoy the story and this is the best buddy anime series!

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 4/15, "TIGER & BUNNY -The Rising- " :star::star::star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Great movie! 

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 4/18, "ULTRAMAN" season 2 :star::star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Really like the mechanical design of each suits.

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 4/19, "007 No Time To Die" :star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Attractive shooting location. A charming bond girl, Ana De Armas!

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 4/23, "Alaskan Bush People" season 2 :star::star::star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Great contents! Really enjoy the wild life.

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 4/26, "Undercover Billionaire"  season 1 :star::star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Never make excuses.

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Work with great people who are better than me.

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Fill the gap.

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 4/28, "Where to Invade Next"  :star::star::star::star::star:</h4>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- full of amazing facts in European countries!

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- In Italy: labor rights and workers' well-being – paid holiday, paid honeymoon, 
thirteenth salary, two-hour lunch breaks, paid parental leave.

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- In Finland: education policy (almost no homework, no standardized testing).

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- In Germany: labor rights, co-determination and work–life balance.

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 4/29, "Saga of Tanya the Evil (Youjo Senki) Movie" :star::star::star:</h4>

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Superb writing.

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 4/29, "The Suicide Squad" :star::star::star:</h4>

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- OK.

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 4/30, "The Best Offer" :star::star::star::star:</h4>

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- It has a good cast and the acting is great. 

<h3> May </h3>

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 5/4, "Green Book" :star::star::star::star::star:</h4>

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Great Road Trip Movie!

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 5/9, "The Takedown" :star::star::star:</h4>

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- OK.


<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 5/10, "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (2001)":star::star::star::star::star:</h4>

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Superb movie to show and introduce the world of Harry Potter!

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 5/10, "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (2002)":star::star::star::star:</h4>

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- The hogwarts is really full of secrets.　It added to charm to the movie.

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 5/10, "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (2004)":star::star::star::star:</h4>

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- I liked to see Harry run away from home. A shocking fact about Scabbers reveals.

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 5/10, "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (2005)":star::star::star::star:</h4>

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- Several romances start in this film at last.


<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 5/11, "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (2007)":star::star::star::star::star:</h4>

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- OK.

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 5/11, "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (2009)":star::star::star::star::star:</h4>

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- OK.

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 5/11, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1 (2010))":star::star::star::star::star:</h4>

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- OK.

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 5/11, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 (2011)":star::star::star::star::star:</h4>

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- OK.

<h4>:heavy_check_mark: 5/11, "Final Portrait (2017)":star::star::star::star::star:</h4>





